{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\highlight2\b\f0\fs36\lang9 Andrew Tiaga\b0\par
\fs24 16105 NE 170th St \par
Brush Prairie WA, 98606\par
Phone: 714-483-7921 Email:\~{\cf3\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:A.tiaga@students.clark.edu"}}{\fldrslt{A.tiaga@students. clark.edu}}}}\f0\fs24\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\par
\b Objective: \b0 To obtain a position as a team-player in a people-oriented organization where I can maximize my electrical and leadership experience with my self-starter/can do attitude in a challenging, fast-paced environment.  \par
\par
\b Core Competencies:\b0\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh525\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3116\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6233\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9350 
\pard\intbl\ri465\sl240\slmult1\qc\highlight0 Switchgear / Lighting\cf0\par
\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 Leadership\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 Inventory / Purchasing\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh620\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3116\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6233\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9350 
\pard\intbl\ri465\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\f0\fs24 Electrical\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 Problem Solving\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 Health & Safety\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3116\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6233\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9350 
\pard\intbl\ri465\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\f0\fs24 Type 104 wpm\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 Conflict Resolution\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\cf1\f0\fs24 IT Troubleshooting\cf0\f1\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight2\f0\fs24\par
\par
\b Electrical Skills\par
\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1 Wiring system Designs\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Material Identification\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1\tx4680 Installation and Repair                        \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1 Troubleshooting and diagnostics\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Blueprint reading\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}NEC codes and codebook\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}OSHA Compliance\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Highly Trained\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Service minded & organized\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Accurate and Efficient\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\cf1\par
\b EXPERIENCE:\b0\par
\par
\cf0\b ESI Contracting, Huntington Beach Ca\par
Purchasing Manager / Dispatch & Warehouse Manager                   \i 4/18 -  2/21\b0\i0\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1 In charge of all material procurement to and from jobsite; from general electrical material to lighting, switchgear, and generators. Maintained great relationships with all vendors and worked closely with the Superintendant to create a complex delivery schedule every week for our warehouse driver to execute. Manged a warehouse worker who spent most days driving tools and material to and from job sites but would assign projects to execute such as assist with purchasing, maintain tools, and keep warehouse clean & organized.\par
{\pntext\f0 B.\tab}Was Actively working on 10-20 Construction projects at a time with 100 Field tehcs or more, fielding submittal calls, plan questions, and all lighting and electrical questions foremans may have had about materials, lighting, switchgear based on plans & submittals.\par
{\pntext\f0 C.\tab}Handled project administration and materials procurement; oversaw job cost tracking\par
{\pntext\f0 D.\tab}Teamed with Sr. Estimator, Project Manager & Field Superintendents to enforce company safety requirements, ensuring the projects were installed per plans / specifications; presenting owner with change orders when necessary.\par
{\pntext\f0 E.\tab}Assisteed Sr. Estimator with take offs on Power / Lighting plans when necessary\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
 Purchasing Skills\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1 Very high attention to detail \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Submittal process experience in lighting, switchgear, and generators.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Close out document experience, such as As-builts, warranty letters, Operations & manuals\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Maintain friendly & benficial relationships with vendors\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Excersize great customer service on the phones when needed\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Knowledge of Purchasing Software (Easily adaptable to new softwares)\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Estimating Knowledge\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Forklift Liscensed\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}LTL Carrier Experience\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\b\par
Nazzareno Electric, Anaheim Ca\par
Apprentice Electrician/Low Voltage/High Voltage                                   \i 10/16 - 4/18 \i0\par
\par
\b0 Experience working with Tenant Improvement and outdoor electrical environments.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1 Install and repair building electrical systems.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Take every opportunity to learn about system design, installation, and code requirements.\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Arrange wiring, fixtures, and conduit boxes in preparation for installations.\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Crawl into tight spaces, onto ladders, and into attics to complete projects\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Learn about fans, lighting fixtures, and other electrical items attached to system and install properly.\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Troubleshoot electrical faults and fixture problems\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Obtain precision measurements such as volt and ohm readings\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Interpret blueprints, schematics, and diagrams.\ul\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone Assist in budgeting new projects\ul\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\par
\cf1 Intero Real Estate, Chino Hills Ca\tab\tab                                            \i 02/16 - \cf0 10/16\cf1\b0\i0\par
\b Junior Systems Administrator\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\b0\par
\par
Experience configuring, monitoring, upgrading and maintaining systems hardware and software.\par
Strong analytical skills; able to train agents with different levels of computer skills on new system updates, new formatting styles and basic computer knowledge.\par
Knowledge of all operating systems; Windows XP, Vista 7, 8, 10, microsoft office.\par
File Management\par
Photoshop graphics design; created and designed current company website.\par
Transaction coordination\par
Network administration\par
\par
\par
\b Auto Custom Creations, Battle Ground  Wa\b0                                               \b\i 1/15 - 6/15             \i0 Support Specialist \par
\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight0 Part time help with auto body work and metal fabrication.\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Shop upkeep; sweeping, cleaning and inventory count.\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Greet customers\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Answer phones\f1\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight2\f0\par
\b Frontier Public House, Vancouver\tab Wa\tab\tab\tab\tab          \i 6/14 \cf0 - \cf1 12/14\b0\i0\par
\b Prep Cook\par
\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight0 Chopped vegetables and fruits for cooking\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Made salads and put together entrees\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Prepared meat for cooking, various styles as dictated by the Head Chef\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Prepared ingredients as instructed\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Ensure ovens and stoves were clean and ready to be used.\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Cleaned kitchen counters and other prep and work stations\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Washed dishes and cooking utensils\f1\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight2\b\f0\par
Key values:\b0  Fast-paced, strong attention to detail and working under pressure. \par
\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\qr\b Wendy\rquote s Old Fashioned Hamburgers, Vancouver  Wa                             \i 5/13 \f2\endash\f0  5/14\b0\i0\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\b Safety Marshall\par
\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight0 Responsible for opening and closing activities.\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Became the go-to person for any and all process questions.\f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Exemplified excellent customer service to guests. \f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0 Always looked for things to improve and make more efficient where I could.   \f1\par

\pard\ri465\sl240\slmult1\highlight2\ul\f0\par
\ulnone\b The Sam and Alfreda Maloof Foundation for Arts and Crafts  Alta Loma, CA   \b0\par
\b Groundskeeper                                                                                                      \i 2008 \b0\i0\par
Volunteered grounds keeping during the summer season.  \par
Responsibilities included trimming shrubs, pulling out trees, planting trees, creating irrigation and waterways and moving earth to create new planting areas. I worked with a grounds trainer and one other crewmember.\~ Used a large variety of hand gardening tools and equipment as well as some pesticides and fertilizers.\par
\~\par
\b EDUCATION:\b0\par

\pard\sa160\sl240\slmult1 A.B.C. American Building Construction  - Electrical                  4 Year Journeyman Class     \highlight0\par
Clark College\tab - Computer Science\tab\tab\tab  \tab          Winter Term 2012\par

\pard\ri465\sa150\sl240\slmult1\highlight2 Hockinson High School\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab              Graduated 2012\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf0\highlight0\fs22\par
}
 